[datadog_logs_custom_destination] Add sourcetype support for Splunk Custom Destinations (#3704)
DataDog/terraform-provider-datadog: docs/resources/logs_custom_destination.md

- `access_token` (String, Sensitive) Access token of the Splunk HTTP Event Collector. This field is not returned by the API.
- `endpoint` (String) The destination for which logs will be forwarded to. Must have HTTPS scheme. Forwarding back to Datadog is not allowed.

Optional:

> - `sourcetype` (Block List) The Splunk sourcetype for forwarded log events. If absent, Splunk uses `_json` as the default. If set with `value = null`, the sourcetype field is omitted from forwarded events entirely. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--splunk_destination--sourcetype))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `sourcetype` (Block List) The Splunk sourcetype for forwarded log events. If not defined, Splunk uses `_json` as the default. If set with `value = null`, the sourcetype field is omitted from forwarded events entirely. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--splunk_destination--sourcetype))
```

Author: I tried to take this into account along with Antònio's review, let me know what you think 😄

> - `sourcetype` (Block List) The Splunk sourcetype for forwarded events. Omitting this block on create leaves the sourcetype unconfigured, and events are forwarded to Splunk with `_json` as the sourcetype. On update, omitting this block preserves any previously-set value; if none was set, the sourcetype stays unconfigured and events are forwarded with `_json` (same as create). Setting `value = null` omits the sourcetype from forwarded events entirely. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--splunk_destination--sourcetype))

Reviewer: Let me know what you think about these suggestions:

```suggestion
- `sourcetype` (Block List) The Splunk source type for forwarded events. Omitting `sourcetype` when you create a custom destination leaves `sourcetype` unconfigured, and events are forwarded to Splunk with `_json` as the source type. When updating a custom destination, omitting `sourcetype` preserves the previously set value; if none was set, the `sourcetype` field stays unconfigured and events are forwarded with `_json` (same as when creating a custom destination). Setting `value = null` removes the `sourcetype` field in the forwarded events entirely. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--splunk_destination--sourcetype))
```

Author: @maycmlee sorry I though the review from the team was enough on for this description and I merged the PR
If you think this is worth it, I can open another PR to take your review into account.

Author: I am not sure about using `removes`, since we actually not remove it, we just don't add it to the event.

Author: I opened this other PR to take your comment into account: https://github.com/DataDog/terraform-provider-datadog/pull/3719

<a id="nestedblock--splunk_destination--sourcetype"></a>
### Nested Schema for `splunk_destination.sourcetype`

Optional:

> - `value` (String) The sourcetype string. Set to `null` to omit the sourcetype from forwarded events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `value` (String) The source type string. Set to `null` to remove the `sourcetype` field from forwarded events.
```

Author: Same thing as above, we do not remove the field.

Author: Ok to use source type instead of sourcetype 👍
